refactor: improve fancylogger implementation (#792)
generative-computing/mellea: docs/docs/evaluation-and-observability/logging.md

message
```

## Sample output

### Console format (default)

Running `m.instruct(...)` inside a session produces lines like:

```text
=== 11:11:25-INFO ======
SUCCESS
```

### JSON format (`MELLEA_LOG_JSON=1`)

With structured JSON output enabled, the same `SUCCESS` record looks like:

```json
{
  "timestamp": "2026-04-08T11:11:25",
  "level": "INFO",
  "message": "SUCCESS",
  "module": "base",
  "function": "sample",
  "line_number": 258,
  "process_id": 73738,
  "thread_id": 6179762176,
  "session_id": "550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000",
  "backend": "OllamaModelBackend",
  "model_id": "granite4:micro",
  "strategy": "RejectionSamplingStrategy",
  "loop_budget": 3
}
```

The `session_id`, `backend`, `model_id`, `strategy`, and `loop_budget` fields
are injected automatically when the call runs inside a `with session:` block.

> They appear on every log record within that scope — not just `SUCCESS`.

Reviewer: nit: I'm not sure why, but this reads oddly. Probably  due to how the AI wrote it

Reviewer: you missed this nit, I checked with Claude and this small edit would address what felt off to me:

```suggestion
The `session_id`, `backend`, `model_id`, `strategy`, and `loop_budget` fields
are injected automatically when the call runs inside a `with session:` block.
They appear on every log record within that scope.
```
